h1. ConfigSmart

This app was created as part of the 2014 Equifax Hackathon.

The problem statement was to create a configuration management solution that 
could support developers and app/system configurations, as well as Client Services users 
that often add new customers and need to set preferences and configurations for them.

h2. What we built

We worked on the app from Thursday-Saturday, doing our best to keep other work priorities at bay (unsuccessfully as each
member of the team was pulled away for big chunks of time).

We focused on getting the data model working and on building a REST API so that systems could call into ConfigSmart
and bulk load organizations, users or individual configs. We got a basic json API working pretty quickly, but we didn't 
feel like we had the data model quite right. To be honest we spent a lot of time hashing it out and testing different scenarios.
After some effort, we created a simple structure that met the needs of the Hackathon story requirements, while still having
the level of flexibility and extendability that we figure an app like this would need in the wild.


h2. Our Team Approach

  We are all in different states, so we needed to stay in touch and also be able to work together easily.

  We used 
    Trello for tasks and backlog (we made our "storyboard":https://trello.com/b/P7AIWFAl/dev-work public so you could see the progression)
   
   Kato.im for team chat. Great interface and nice mobile app...cuz when you are doing a mad rush Hackathon, working at insane hours of the night,
    you need to check in on the team at any random time!
    Also Kato is so awesome when you hook it up with other great apps like Heroku, Github, Trello, travis, etc

    Nitrous.io for pairing and testing. 
    This way we knew that everyone was working in an up to date environment, and if anyone ran into an issue, we could all hop
    on the box and get it figured out. (surprisingly most issues were entirely caused by lack of sleep and poor typing/spelling skillz)
    Nitrous is also nice when you want to hit your API from an external site like jsbin or plunkr
  
h2. Play around With the ConfigSMART App

The demo app is running live at "config-smart.herokuapp.com":http://config-smart.herokuapp.com
Feel free to check it out, add some orgs or configs, and play around. (we will reset it back to the default every day)
(You don't have to sign up, just use the drop down of existing users)


To get the full experience of how the configurations cascade, and how list items can be included or excluded from a parent org,
you'll want to check out the json response. Once you're logged in, just add .json to the url to see the json output, 
or look at the Interactive API Docs for a more info and a full interactive experience. ) 

WE would love some feedback!
You can join us in our public team chat (you'll see it at the bottom of the app)

(p.s I was having the worst time getting "datatables":http://datatables.net/ to work with our json output. If anyone can clone
the repo and show me how to get that set up (where it pulls the data in from json, and can post edits as well), you'll be my HERO!!


h2. Clone and Run the Application

It'll help if you have ruby/rails/git already set up!

<pre>
$ git clone https://github.com/dacat/configurator.git
$ cd configurator
</pre>

Now we need to install the dependencies (keep an eye on it, you might get an error at the top and not see it fly by)
<pre>
$ bundle install
</pre>

Let's get the db set up
<pre>
$ rake db:setup
</pre>

(well that was easy)

Now let's fire up the server and kick the tires.
<pre>
$ rails server
</pre>

Check out the app at "http://localhost:3000/":http://localhost:3000.

You don't have to create a user to test it out, just pick one from the drop down.
(I don't want you to waste time typing in fake user info. Just get in there and break some stuff!!)


...What?  the setup didn't go so well for you?

h2. What if that didn't work?

Try Nitrous.io, everything works great on nitrous!

Don't believe me? Fine, here's a quick "Screencast":http://screencast.com/t/6QyrlsKOy3fu I did to prove it. 
Pretty sweet right?


